docs/user/config.md, before:

# Runtime Configuration

Proteus exposes a number of possible runtime configuration options, accessible
through environment variables.

| Environment Variable               | Possible Values                                                                | Description                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `PROTEUS_USE_STORED_CACHE`         | 0 or 1 (default: 1)                                                            | Enable the persistent storage cache                                                                                                  |
| `PROTEUS_SPECIALIZE_LAUNCH_BOUNDS` | 0 or 1 (default: 1)                                                            | Set or not launch bouds on JIT kernels                                                                                               |
| `PROTEUS_SPECIALIZE_ARGS`          | 0 or 1 (default: 1)                                                            | Specialize JIT functions for input arguments                                                                                         |
| `PROTEUS_SPECIALIZE_DIMS`          | 0 or 1 (default: 1)                                                            | Specialize JIT kernels for launch dimensions                                                                                         |
| `PROTEUS_CODEGEN`                  | "rtc", "serial", "parallel" (default: "rtc")                                   | Use HIP RTC, serial, or parallel code generation                                                                                     |
| `PROTEUS_DISABLE`                  | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Disable Proteus (no JIT compilation)                                                                                                 |
| `PROTEUS_DUMP_LLVM_IR`             | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Dump LLVM IR of JIT modules in the directory `.proteus-dump`                                                                         |
| `PROTEUS_RELINK_GLOBALS_BY_COPY`   | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Relink device global variables at kernel launch (instead of ELF patching)                                                            |
| `PROTEUS_KERNEL_CLONE`             | "link-clone-prune", "link-clone-light", "cross-clone" (default: "cross-clone") | Cloning method for JIT module creation, default is generally the fastest                                                             |
| `PROTEUS_ASYNC_COMPILATION`        | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Enable asynchronous compilation                                                                                                      |
| `PROTEUS_ASYNC_THREADS`            | >=1 (default: 1)                                                               | Set number of threads for asynchronous compilation                                                                                   |
| `PROTEUS_ASYNC_TEST_BLOCKING`      | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Make asynchronous compilation blocking for testing                                                                                   |
| `PROTEUS_TRACE_OUTPUT`             | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Print trace output in stdout (shows information on Proteus specialization)                                                           |
| `PROTEUS_ENABLE_TIME_TRACE`        | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Enable time tracing for JIT operations (generates a JSON file for flame graph visualization)                                         |
| `PROTEUS_DEBUG_OUTPUT`             | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Log debug output information                                                                                                         |
| `PROTEUS_OPT_PIPELINE`             | String (default: None)                                                         | String describing a middle-end 'opt' pipeline (e.g., `default<O2>`) , when empty optimization defaults to `O3`                       |
| `PROTEUS_OPT_LEVEL`                | '0', '1', '2', '3', 's', 'z' (default: '3')                                    | Option defining a default middle-end 'opt' pipeline (e.g. 's' will use the 'Os' pipeline) , when empty optimization defaults to `O3` |
| `PROTEUS_CODEGEN_OPT_LEVEL`        | '0', '1', '2', '3' (default: '3')                                              | Option defining a default back-end 'llc' pipeline (e.g. '1' will use the 'O1' pipeline) , when empty optimization defaults to `O3`   |

Commit message:

Add PROTEUS_CACHE_DIR to runtime config docs (#369)

docs/user/config.md, after:

# Runtime Configuration

Proteus exposes a number of possible runtime configuration options, accessible
through environment variables.

| Environment Variable               | Possible Values                                                                | Description                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `PROTEUS_CACHE_DIR`                | Directory path (default: ".proteus")                                           | Directory where cached JIT-compiled objects are stored                                                                               |
| `PROTEUS_USE_STORED_CACHE`         | 0 or 1 (default: 1)                                                            | Enable the persistent storage cache                                                                                                  |
| `PROTEUS_SPECIALIZE_LAUNCH_BOUNDS` | 0 or 1 (default: 1)                                                            | Set or not launch bounds on JIT kernels                                                                                              |
| `PROTEUS_SPECIALIZE_ARGS`          | 0 or 1 (default: 1)                                                            | Specialize JIT functions for input arguments                                                                                         |
| `PROTEUS_SPECIALIZE_DIMS`          | 0 or 1 (default: 1)                                                            | Specialize JIT kernels for launch dimensions                                                                                         |
| `PROTEUS_CODEGEN`                  | "rtc", "serial", "parallel" (default: "rtc")                                   | Use HIP RTC, serial, or parallel code generation                                                                                     |
| `PROTEUS_DISABLE`                  | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Disable Proteus (no JIT compilation)                                                                                                 |
| `PROTEUS_DUMP_LLVM_IR`             | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Dump LLVM IR of JIT modules in the directory `.proteus-dump`                                                                         |
| `PROTEUS_RELINK_GLOBALS_BY_COPY`   | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Relink device global variables at kernel launch (instead of ELF patching)                                                            |
| `PROTEUS_KERNEL_CLONE`             | "link-clone-prune", "link-clone-light", "cross-clone" (default: "cross-clone") | Cloning method for JIT module creation, default is generally the fastest                                                             |
| `PROTEUS_ASYNC_COMPILATION`        | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Enable asynchronous compilation                                                                                                      |
| `PROTEUS_ASYNC_THREADS`            | >=1 (default: 1)                                                               | Set number of threads for asynchronous compilation                                                                                   |
| `PROTEUS_ASYNC_TEST_BLOCKING`      | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Make asynchronous compilation blocking for testing                                                                                   |
| `PROTEUS_TRACE_OUTPUT`             | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Print trace output in stdout (shows information on Proteus specialization)                                                           |
| `PROTEUS_ENABLE_TIME_TRACE`        | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Enable time tracing for JIT operations (generates a JSON file for flame graph visualization)                                         |
| `PROTEUS_DEBUG_OUTPUT`             | 0 or 1 (default: 0)                                                            | Log debug output information                                                                                                         |
| `PROTEUS_OPT_PIPELINE`             | String (default: None)                                                         | String describing a middle-end 'opt' pipeline (e.g., `default<O2>`) , when empty optimization defaults to `O3`                       |
| `PROTEUS_OPT_LEVEL`                | '0', '1', '2', '3', 's', 'z' (default: '3')                                    | Option defining a default middle-end 'opt' pipeline (e.g. 's' will use the 'Os' pipeline) , when empty optimization defaults to `O3` |
| `PROTEUS_CODEGEN_OPT_LEVEL`        | '0', '1', '2', '3' (default: '3')                                              | Option defining a default back-end 'llc' pipeline (e.g. '1' will use the 'O1' pipeline) , when empty optimization defaults to `O3`   |
