docs/user/install.md, before:

# Installation

Currently, Proteus is distributed using its git repo to build and install it.
We recommend using the **latest main** branch version, which is well tested and
robust while including the most recent features.

Proteus builds and installs two components: the Proteus LLVM plugin pass
(ProteusPass) and the Proteus runtime library (libproteus).
The user must integrate both of them in their application build system.
We provide information on how to integrate Proteus with your application in the
[Integration](integration.md) section.

## Building

The project uses `cmake` for building and depends on an LLVM installation (CI
tests cover LLVM 18, 19 and AMD ROCm versions 6.2.1, 6.3.1, 6.4.1).
The top-level `CMakeLists.txt` has the following (binary) build options:

* `BUILD_SHARED`: builds Proteus as a shared library (default is static).
* `ENABLE_TESTS`: builds Proteus tests.
* `PROTEUS_ENABLE_HIP`: enables HIP support.
* `PROTEUS_ENABLE_CUDA`: enable CUDA support.
* `PROTEUS_ENABLE_DEBUG`: logs debugging information (for developers).
* `PROTEUS_ENABLE_TIME_TRACING`: stores a time trace file in JSON format for Proteus operations using flame graphs.

!!! info "Host, CUDA and HIP support"
    Proteus supports host JIT compilation in all cases.
    On top of that, it supports either CUDA or HIP JIT compilation, setting
    `PROTEUS_ENABLE_CUDA` or `PROTEUS_ENABLE_HIP` respectively.

A typical build process is:
```shell
git clone https://github.com/Olympus-HPC/proteus.git
cd proteus
mkdir -p build && cd build
cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<install-path> <other options> ..
make -j install
```

## Testing

It is advised to enable tests when deploying Proteus on a machine for the first
time and run them:
```shell
cd build
make test
```

We are keen to help with bugs or any other issues in our repo's
[issues](https://github.com/Olympus-HPC/proteus/issues) page!

Commit message:

Update documentation and readme (#265)
- Discuss C++ frontend API and latest developments
- Clean up text

docs/user/install.md, after:

# Installation

Proteus is currently distributed through its Git repository, which you can use
to build and install the library.
We recommend using the latest `main` branch, which is well-tested, stable, and
includes the most recent features.

Building Proteus installs two components:
- the **Proteus LLVM plugin pass** (`ProteusPass`), and
- the **Proteus runtime library** (`libproteus`).

The LLVM plugin pass is necessary **only if** you use the Code annotation
interface and requires compiling your application with Clang, besides linking with `libproteus`.
If you the DSL or C++ frontend APIs then you only need to link your code with `libproteus`.
Both must be integrated into your application’s build system.
See [Integration](integration.md) section for more details on integrating with your build system.


## Building

Proteus uses `cmake` for building and requires an existing LLVM installation (CI
tests cover LLVM 18/19 with CUDA 12.2 and AMD ROCm versions 6.2.1, 6.3.1, 6.4.1).

The top-level `CMakeLists.txt` defines the following build options:

* `BUILD_SHARED`: build Proteus as a shared library (default is static).
* `ENABLE_TESTS`: build Proteus tests.
* `PROTEUS_ENABLE_HIP`: enable HIP support.
* `PROTEUS_ENABLE_CUDA`: enable CUDA support.
* `PROTEUS_ENABLE_DEBUG`: enable debug logging (for developers).
* `PROTEUS_ENABLE_TIME_TRACING`: generate a JSON time-trace file for Proteus operations (for flame graphs visualization).

!!! info "Host, CUDA and HIP support"
    Proteus always supports host JIT compilation.
    You can additionally enable CUDA or HIP JIT compilation by setting
    `PROTEUS_ENABLE_CUDA` or `PROTEUS_ENABLE_HIP` respectively.

A typical build looks like this:
```shell
git clone https://github.com/Olympus-HPC/proteus.git
cd proteus
mkdir -p build && cd build
cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<install-path> <other options> ..
make -j install
```

## Testing

We recommend enabling tests when deploying Proteus on a new machine and running them once to verify the installation:
```shell
cd build
make test
```

If you encounter bugs or issues, please let us know via the
[Github issue tracker](https://github.com/Olympus-HPC/proteus/issues).
